Mention ghostscript dependency for PDF previews (#1283)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/files/previews_configuration.adoc

rights="none" --> rights="read|write"
----

After changing the policy file for ImageMagick, restart your Apache web server or your php-fpm service.

> ImageMagick uses ghostscript for converting PDF. Please also make sure, that ghostscript is installed and PDF format is listed in e.g. `convert -list format`.

Reviewer: > ...PDF format is listed in e.g. `convert -list format`.

Where can that be found? Is it a config file? Which SW?

Author: Convert is the main shell command for imagemagick. Silly name, but that's what it is.
We require `apt install imagemagick` anyway, after that you have `convert`.

Does that answer your Zwetschgn?

Reviewer: 🤦‍♂️ 
ok, I will do a small text change for clarification...

Reviewer: fixed

> ImageMagick uses ghostscript for converting PDF. Please also make sure, that ghostscript is installed and PDF format is listed in e.g. `convert -list format`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ImageMagick uses ghostscript for converting PDF. Please also make sure, that ghostscript is installed and the PDF format is listed when invoking the following command:

[source,bash]
----
convert -list format | grep -i pdf
----
```
